A standard is not always encoded as a single document (#11)
finos/standards-project-blueprint: governance-documents/5._Governance.md

# Community Specification Governance Policy 1.0

> This document provides the governance policy for specifications and other documents or artifacts, such as a web page or source code, developed using the Community Specification process in a repository (each a “Working Group”).  Each Working Group and must adhere to the requirements in this document.

Reviewer: I think we should keep source code out of this - because the underlying source code is already licensed under Apache per [CSL](https://github.com/finos/standards-project-blueprint/blob/master/governance-documents/1._Community_Specification_License-v1.md?plain=1#L51).

Author: @mindthegab There's sourcecode for things like the FDC3 workbench and then there's the sourcecode for the standard interfaces for the API, then schemas and typescript sourcecode for the standard context types. These are referenced in the standard docs here: https://fdc3.finos.org/docs/api/spec#apis and here: https://fdc3.finos.org/docs/context/spec#standard-context-types

How about this instead:
```suggestion
This document provides the governance policy for specifications and other documents or artefacts, such as web pages, schemas or interface definitions developed using the Community Specification process in a repository (each a “Working Group”).  Each Working Group must adhere to the requirements in this document.

```

Author: Applied the update @mindthegab
